this is a toy the rush to put display
that I seen and the back of toys r us by
the toy section with Skylanders is
normally by video games so this is the
quick look at home you know what
Skylanders they do have left of stock
and you know the tower that hold your
portal Skylanders right there Oh
everywhere I went
Skylanders was all kind of sold up oh no
it's got a lot of dark leg crypts
and they say you've met the video gaming
section this is backwater toys
want those posters
oh no they got a bunch of dark like
Crips yeah so this is the Toys R Us
display that's up at the front of the
store by the video games you know what
you keep all there you know PlayStation
games and Wii games and this is the you
know portal already have it on display
we just put a figure on the portal you
will watch the preview video what the
character looks like and how it performs
in game
and they're all a lot of Skylanders and
this is just a tiny display that I've
seen at a local Myers store as you can
see it's very tiny thanks for watching